date: September 10, 2016

meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"

attendance: [<ubit0>, <ubit1>, <ubit2>, <ubit3>]

absent: [<ubit4>, <ubit5>, <ubit6>]

excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members

  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},

  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: Abducted by aliens 15 minutes before meeting}

  ]

task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting

  {ubit: <ubit0>, progress: Setup apache on the development server. A static site is now live on UB's network},

  {ubit: <ubit1>, progress: Installed MySQL and setup accounts for the team.},

  {ubit: <ubit2>, progress: None},

  {ubit: <ubit3>, progress: Completed AJAX functions for user to upload files to the server.},

  {ubit: <ubit4>, progress: None},

  {ubit: <ubit5>, progress: Created models for users and orders in Django.},

  {ubit: <ubit6>, progress: Started designing an algorithm to optimize order and inventory proccessing.}

  ]

issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included

  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},

  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}

  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.

  The group is considering a switch from Django to Ruby on Rails. Deliberations will continue.

  TA suggested moving sensitive computation from the browser/client to the server for improved security.
